In the last lecture, we created our first pipe, the ShortenPipe and it's already working quite well
but it would be nice if we could allow the user to specify the number of characters at which point you
want to shorten the pipe or shorten the value.
Right now, we're always using 10 characters as a limit,
this is hardcoded into the pipe and this might not be the best pipe you can build,
instead it would be nice if we would receive a second argument in the transform method, the let's say limit
and this should simply be a number.
Now limit would be what you then use here in the check,
so only if it's greater or if it has more characters than you want to shorten it
and then of course you use limit here in your substring method too.
Now with this little change, you allow the user to pass a parameter to the pipe because now you receive
a second argument in the transform method
and since you receive this second argument here, the user may pass one parameter to the pipe.
You don't need to change anything else, don't need to change anything in the decorator,
this is all.
Now with this, we can go to our app component and if we would leave it like this, you see it's not shortened
at all because we're not passing any limits, therefore it's undefined, therefore we always fail this
check whether it is too long, therefore we always return the original value
but if we do pass a parameter and remember, we do this by adding a colon and then the value, let's say
five, if we do this and save this,
now you see we're shortening after five characters
and if we pick 15, now you see the first two names go through quite well because they are short enough
but these last two names are shortened.
And this is how you can of course add multiple parameters,
you would add another parameter simply by adding another argument here.
So this would be another arg of the type you want it to be, whatever it is
and then with that added, you could simply add another colon and your second parameter.
This is how you parameterize your own pipes
and of course you could also chain them with built-in types and so on, you can use it like a built-in
pipe,
it's just your own pipe.
So this is awesome,
let's now go on to an advanced use case and to some limitations you might face when using pipes.